Add missing API references for coordinator (#10967)
apache/druid: docs/operations/api-reference.md

##### GET

> * `/druid/coordinator/v1/metadata/segments`
> 
> Returns a list of all segments for each datasource enabled in the cluster.
> 
> * `/druid/coordinator/v1/metadata/segments?datasources={dataSourceName1}&datasources={dataSourceName2}`
> 
> Returns a list of all segments for one or more specific datasources enabled in the cluster.
> 
> * `/druid/coordinator/v1/metadata/segments?includeOvershadowedStatus`
> 
> Returns a list of all segments for each datasource with the full segment metadata and an extra field `overshadowed`.
> 
> * `/druid/coordinator/v1/metadata/segments?includeOvershadowedStatus&datasources={dataSourceName1}&datasources={dataSourceName2}`
> 
> Returns a list of all segments for one or more specific datasources with the full segment metadata and an extra field `overshadowed`.
> 

Reviewer: All the API docs are written as examples of APIs. I think this can be confusing for an end user. What do you think about collapsing all of these into a single API line in the docs. Something like

```suggestion
* `/druid/coordinator/v1/metadata/segments[?datasources={dataSourceName1}[&datasources={datasourceName2}][&includeOvershadowedStatus]]`

Returns a list of all segments for each datasource enabled in the cluster. Optionally, filtered by datasources. If `includeOvershadowedStatus` is passed, then the response will include an extra field `overshadowed`
```

I can't tell if this is easier to understand than what you've written here. Thoughts?

> 

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should add some sort of note that these segment API methods are primarily intended for internal use and maybe should be used with care in large clusters.
